{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red254\green254\blue254;\red0\green0\blue128;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9920\viewh9020\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 SQL-Ledger is a double entry accounting system. Accounting data is stored  in a SQL Server, for the display any text or GUI browser can be used.  The entire system is linked through a chart of accounts. Each item in  inventory is linked to income, expense, inventory and tax accounts. When items are sold and purchased the accounts are automatically updated.\cb1 \
\
\cb2  \cb1 With the assembly feature you can build manufactured goods from parts, services, labor units and assemblies. When the assembly is sold all the accounts linked to the individual parts, services, labor units and assemblies  are updated and stock levels adjusted accordingly. If an item belonging  to an assembly is changed all assemblies are updated as well. This may all  be conditionally controlled by each individual item.\
\
 Invoices, Packing List, Income Statement, Balance Sheet,  Sales, Work and Purchase Order, Statements, Receipts and Checks are  generated from templates and can be changed to suit your needs. Templates  are provided in html, tex and txt format. The tex templates are processed with latex to produce postscript and PDF documents. Documents may be sent  to a printer, displayed in a PDF viewer or sent out via email.\
\
 The built-in translation mechanism for items and foreign language templates can be set up for each customer/vendor so it is possible to generate invoices in a foreign language. This translation facility can also be used to generate different forms for a group of customers/vendors.\
\
 Foreign currency transactions are automatically converted and exchangerate  differences, gains and losses, if any, posted to the appropriate accounts.\
\
 AR, AP, GL reports can be customized and sorted to generate a great number  of reports, aging reports show you what is outstanding at any given time,  the tax report can be used to generate a list with taxable transaction for  taxes collected and paid.\
\
 The GL report can be used to produce sales and purchase journals or ledgers  of any kind. You can also drill down into each account and view / edit  transaction from the entire system.\
\
 Language and data sources can be selected for each user.  You can have a different language or a different set of books  or use a different SQL server with one installation.\
\
 Access to menu items can be disabled to allow users access to certain sections or functions only. Disabled menu items are not shown on screen. Access control is linked to the menu structure and if new items are  added they will be automatically included as well.\
\
 Audit control can be enabled for all transactions or up to a certain  day. With audit control active, incorrect transactions must be reversed  and posted anew. Plus, if more control is required it is easy to add  additional functions to the SQL server.\
\
 SQL-Ledger can be customized globally and per login with  external perl code. Code plugs in without any modifications to the main core.\
\
 The command line interface allows you to build and interface with  other applications either in real time or by batching transactions.  This makes it possible to interface with off-line remote applications  or use with a POS with a completely different storage scheme.\
\
 SQL-Ledger is written in  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.perl.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Perl}},  developed on  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.freebsd.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 FreeBSD}},  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.linux.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Linux}}  with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.netscape.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Netscape}},  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://links.sourceforge.net/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Links}}, Lynx, Explorer, Galeon,  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.kde.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Konqueror}},  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.qnx.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Voyager (QNX)}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apache.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Apache}}  for the display, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www3.us.postgresql.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 PostgreSQL}},  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.oracle.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Oracle}},  or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www-3.ibm.com/software/data/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 DB2}}  to store accounting data.\
\
 SQL-Ledger runs on any *NIX, Mac and Windows platform.}